Fix documentation (#34)
qunicorn/qunicorn-core: docs/tutorials/useful_commands.rst

How to create invoke commands
##############################

> Add a method to qunicorn-core/tasks.py. All underscores in the method name will be transformed into minus (-).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a method to qunicorn-core/tasks.py. All underscores in the method name will be transformed into hyphens (``hello_world`` → ``hello-world``).
```
